Really? The first description is of a Hippo? Here's a picture of a Hippo charlie: http://www.dkimages.com/discover/pre...0/90065521.JPG   Now tell me how this fits the description of the behemoths tail? I quote:   Job 40:15-24 (New International Version)   15 "Look at the behemoth, [a]   which I made along with you   and which feeds on grass like an ox.   16 What strength he has in his loins,   what power in the muscles of his belly!   [b]17 His tail sways like a cedar;   the sinews of his thighs are close-knit.   18 His bones are tubes of bronze,   his limbs like rods of iron.(In Hebrew, this literally reads, “he lets hang his tail like a cedar.”)A Cedar is not a tiny insignificant tree as the hippos tail is when compared to other tails on other animals. You insult the intelligence of the ancients to imply that they couldn't either name or describe a hippo by name which as you yourself admit, was a common animal in that part of the world.   As for Leviathan being a crocodile or an alligator, again, are you telling me that their hides are invulnerable to arrows or spears and cannot be punctured at all? Would those animals stand firm and not flee from men who stood up to them with spears, javelins and arrows? Not on your life.   “Though the sword reaches him, it cannot avail; nor does spear, dart, or javelin. He regards iron as straw, and bronze as rotten wood.	The arrow cannot make him flee; slingstones become like stubble to him. Darts are regarded as straw; he laughs at the threat of javelins.”   “On earth there is nothing like him, which is made without fear.”   Leviathan “played” in the “great and wide sea” (a paraphrase of Psalm 104 verses 25 and 26—get the exact sense by reading them yourself).And do you think that the writer who describes this creature is just throwing in the part about smoke, light and fire coming coming forth from its mouth for creative license?   Job 41:18-21   18   By his exhaling a light does shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.   19   Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.   20   Out of his nostrils goes smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.   21   His breath kindles coals, and a flame goes out of his mouth.I fully admit that I am incapable of either explaining or proving what this animal was, but I know it isn't any known animal which currently exists. And Isaiah might have given us the answer as to why this animal no longer exists since we know it was invulnerable to human attacks in the ancient world.Isa 27:1	 In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that [is] in the sea.