This is a statement written by someone who obviously has not read scripture. One of the most astonising "proofs" if you will, that the Bible is of supernatural origin, is predictive prophecy. Science cannot, as you claim, "explain" everything, and it has no natural explanation for the   predictions made in scripture. How can science explain through statistical probablity the over 600 prophecies in Biblical writings that have come to pass? Also, how can it explain how supposedly uneducated people (uneducated in the ways of modern science) wrote about astronomy as if they knew about the universe as we do today. How could they have described the hydrological cycle as we have only come to know it recently?   Ecclesiastes 1:6   The wind goes toward the south,   And turns around to the north;   The wind whirls about continually,   And comes again on its circuit.   How did they know that the earth "hangs on nothing" when the accepted norm of the day did not even accept that possibility?   Job 26:7   He stretches out the north over empty space;   He hangs the earth on nothing.   How did they know that the "vapors" of the earth rise to create moisture, that is seeded by lightning with nitrogen and then falls as rain to fertilze the soil?   Jeremiah 10:13   When He utters His voice,   There is a multitude of waters in the heavens:   ?And He causes the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth.   He makes lightning for the rain,   He brings the wind out of His treasuries.?   Hydrothermal vents[4] are described in two books of the Bible written before 1400BC?more than 3,000 years before their discovery by science.   Genesis 7:11   In the six hundredth year of Noah?s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, on that day all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.   Even though the Bible is not a scientific text book and doesn't purport to be, nowhere is it scientifically inaccurate. In addition, many of the scientific ideas you are so impressed with are nothing new to the Bible. It was speaking of these things long before modern science spoke of them.   The story goes "They (scientists) are slowly working their way to the mountain's peak painstakingly measuring and analyzing every step that they take. After many years of research, they finally arrive at the top of the mountain, scale over its leading edge, only to find a group of theologians sitting there with the answers all along."