Here's an interesting one:   Lipoprotein Lipase S447X: A Naturally Occurring Gain-of-Function Mutation.   Brief Reviews   Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis &amp; Vascular Biology. 26(6):1236-1245, June 2006.   Rip, Jaap; Nierman, Melchior C.; Ross, Colin J.; Jukema, Jan Wouter; Hayden, Michael R.; Kastelein, John J.P.; Stroes, Erik S.G.; Kuivenhoven, Jan Albert   Abstract:   mdash;: Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) hydrolyzes triglycerides in the circulation and promotes the hepatic uptake of remnant lipoproteins. Since the gene was cloned in 1989, more than 100 LPL gene mutations have been identified, the majority of which cause loss of enzymatic function. In contrast to this, the naturally occurring LPLS447X variant is associated with increased lipolytic function and an anti-atherogenic lipid profile and can therefore be regarded as a gain-of-function mutation. This notion combined with the facts that 20% of the general population carries this prematurely truncated LPL and that it may protect against cardiovascular disease has led to extensive clinical and basic research into this frequent LPL mutant. It is only until recently that we begin to understand the molecular mechanisms that underlie the beneficial effects associated with LPLS447X. This review summarizes the current literature on this interesting LPL variant.   This one provides rather good protection from hardening of the arteries.   Or this one:   APPLIED AND ENVIRONMENTAL MICROBIOLOGY, May 1995, p. 2020&#8211;2022 Vol. 61, No. 5   0099-2240/95/$04.0010   Copyright q 1995, American Society for Microbiology   Emergence of Nylon Oligomer Degradation Enzymes in   Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO through Experimental Evolution   IRFAN D. PRIJAMBADA, SEIJI NEGORO,* TETSUYA YOMO, AND ITARU URABE   Department of Biotechnology, Faculty of Engineering, Osaka University, 2-1 Yamada-oka, Suita, Osaka 565, Japan   Through selective cultivation with 6-aminohexanoate linear dimer, a by-product of nylon-6 manufacture, as the sole source of carbon and nitrogen, Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO, which initially has no enzyme activity to degrade this xenobiotic compound, was successfully expanded in its metabolic ability. Two new enzyme activities, 6-aminohexanoate cyclic dimer hydrolase and 6-aminohexanoate dimer hydrolase, were detected in   the adapted strains.   http://aem.asm.org/cgi/reprint/61/5/2020.pdf   We thought it would take roughly a million years for bacteria to evolve enzymes capable of digesting nylon (because the compound is so different than any they were able to digest) but it took less than a century.   Barbarian observes:   It's all real DNA. Some of it just doesn't code for anything. But some parts of non-coding DNA (which you call "junk") has other functions besides coding for proteins. .