Actually just as many atheist help the needy.   Of course a person would need to be open-minded to realize it. Here is one such atheist charity. If you were open-minded about such things then you would have learned that both Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, who have each individually made the two largest charitable donations in American history, are both atheist (Oops, bet that's gotta kill your argument, huh?) and they can rightly claim credit for spurring many other ultra-rich to also be charitable.   Ted Turner, the multi-billionaire, has also donated millions to others, and guess what grizzly6626, he's an atheist too!   George Soros, also a multi-billionaire, financier and philanthropist, has also donated millions and is also an atheist. The list goes on and on. You just don't hear about these people donating because they tend to do these things quietly, and not with a lot of *cough* religious *cough* fanfare.   Didn't mean to wake you up grizzly6626   BTW - many catholic charities are known to turn the needy away. I've heard many accounts about how when some people first got married back in the 1970s, that catholic charities wouldn't help them out because they were not "good, church-going catholics." Basically because they didn't go to church every week (and put in their money filled envelope) the Church didn't consider them worthy of help.   You see, it isn't because religion makes people morally better than atheism. Rather, it would be because churches often organize charitable activities and encourage their members to participate, while atheists, simply have no comparable social structure. It's not that churchgoers have a superior moral sentiment, just that because of their increased social structure they naturally have increased opportunity.   There are countless amounts of people who are atheist that donate from the heart. They do not 'band together' into groups like religions do, and they do not advertise their charitable works like religions do, but they donate from the heart just the same. Here is a partial list of many such individuals who just happen to also be atheist. But it goes MUCH further than that though. There are a few organizations formed by atheists for the sole purpose of donating to those in need. One such organization is called S.H.A.R.E. - Secular Humanist Aid and Relief Effort. Here is a recent story about them helping those in need. So, when someone ignorant and closed-minded like grizzly6626 tries to convince you that 'only religions' donate or help those in need, you will now know that it's simply not true, and that people from all beliefs, even those that don't believe in God, help others in need and donate from their hearts, because they know it's the right thing to do for their fellow man in need