Following the original purpose of this thread, I will summarize my own views on abortion. (Note, this is copied from an older survey on abortion beliefs - a thread in the abortion forum called "Survey of views on abortion"):   For me, the question of abortion rights comes down to a balance between the rights of the mother and the rights of the fetus. On the side of the rights of the mother, there is a very important right to the control over one's own body and to not be forced to carry something as important and taxing as a pregnancy against one's will. Some may say that, in agreeing to have sex, a woman is agreeing to a pregnancy, but I strongly disagree. A pregnancy is a possible outcome of sex but only has a very small percentage chance if birth control is used. It would be like saying that you agree to be mugged if you walk in a bad neighborhood. The great majority of sex acts - for both married and unmarried women, religious or non-religious, conservative or liberal - are not done for the purposes of having children but are done for emotional and/or purely physical reasons. Pregnancy is the goal for only a minority of sex acts. So, women are not agreeing to a pregnancy when they have sex. In the case of unwanted pregnancies, it is a significant burden that they never agreed to. If they are forced to carry such a pregnancy, it would be a strong imposition against the rights over their own bodies.   On the other hand, one has the rights of the fetus. What rights the fetus has depends on your belief system and priorities. For me, the most important thing when it comes to the rights of any human being is whether or not there is a mental existence - at least a rudimentary mind. I believe that I did not exist until I started to mentally exist and that applies to all others. My view is that, once a mental existence begins, the right to life of a fetus kicks in and takes priority over the mother's rights over her own body, under most circumstances. The neurological view is that a mind cannot exist before the third trimester. Therefore, I would allow abortion-on-demand for the first and second trimester and restrict it in the third trimester. For that third trimester, I would limit abortions to those that are done to mitigate a significant risk to the mother's life or physical or mental health (ex. leading to, say, paralysis or strong possibility of suicide, etc.) and, in case of severe incurable deformations of the fetus discovered late, to end the life of a fetus that would otherwise strongly suffer (i.e. mercy killing). Otherwise, I believe abortions should be restricted. If a woman has not decided on an abortion by the third trimester, she should have to carry the pregnancy to term (minus the perviously mentioned exceptions). She would have had ample time to decide.   Lastly, here are a couple of links which describe the neurological view of a mind not existing before the third trimester:   Part 4 of http://www.2think.org/abortion.shtml   http://7e.devbio.com/article.php?ch=21&amp;id=162