But then it also doesn't answer the question "does anything exist", nor does it answer an infinite number of "existence" questions. Do "trolls" exist, follows the same reasoning. If you find one, they are no longer a fairy tale/imaginary creature, they are some organic life form that can be measured, tested, and quantified..i.e. no longer an imaginary creature. So they can no more be found than god.   So replace god/troll with an infinite number of other imaginary things and you'll see why the question "Does god exist?", has no real importance in the physical universe.   (does the tooth fairy exist, does a unicorn exist, do flying pigs exist, etc.)   In fact, I like that statement. The existence of god is not imporant...   Rather - the FAITH in god(s, etc.) is what is "important", and the thoughts most certainly exist in the physical world and have a measureable impact.   I think that's why I don't mind so much "religion" per se, it's the human condition that brings suffering, and uncertainty, into our lives and for some people, the feelings brought about by their faith seems to treat the condition. (the human condition also brings joy, love, etc., but I'd like that without the pain personally)   I only mind it when things in the physical universe are "attacked" with the premise of belief in god(s), which is a waste of human energy...we have a limited time, don't spend it using fallacy to undermine those who are actually trying to build on the foundation of human knowledge. And any belief in something without evidence scares me if it becomes a driving force behind decisions.   ...she's a witch because she MADE the crops die...she must be burned.   ...he broke "god's" law and therefore must be guilty..   ...this is "god's" war..   Yeah, that still scares me. That's why I think, at least in the US, the seperation of church and state is so ridiculously important, and accepted. While there are fundamentalists that rail against it...it's hopefully obvious that with ~80% of the US believing in an imaginary "god", but also having a separation of church and state and the most generally advanced scienctific community in the world, then the two can obviously co-exist, and I'd go so far as to say thrive as long as the line is drawn and not crossed.   I learned something in responding, thanks for the spark.   -Mach