Originally Posted by Symbiote   a) In medicine, the use of antibiotics, the understanding of what causes resistance, and what kind of treatments can be used to avoid resistance. The knowledge that virii (like the bird flu) can easily evolve over time to spread through different organisms, resulting in preventative measures to prevent deadly diseases effecting humans.   ender Krum:   This seems to be micro, not macro, evolution. I am still having trouble combining micro and macro evolution. Could someone address the following statement from wikipedia on micro-evolution?   "Typically, observable instances of evolution are examples of microevolution; for example, bacterial strains that have become resistant to antibiotics. Because microevolution can be observed directly, both pro-evolution and some anti-evolution groups agree that it is a fact of life."   Walking-fish:   The mechanisms of mutation, gene flow, genetic drift and natural selection that work for microevolution below the species level, also work at the macroevolutionary level (why wouldn't they?). However, some biologists put more emphasis on the role of mutations of developmental genes at the macro level to push the changes that lead to higher taxons. The most often quoted example here is that of Stephen J Gould, who proposed that the jaws evolved in fish as a result of such genes causing a shift in the position of the first 2 gill arches relative to the others so they could be free to evolve as jaws. I think that these drastic genetic changes would be the only discernable difference in the mechanisms between micro &amp; macroevolution.   As for the "typically observable" examples of evolution, I'd like to add that observed speciation events cross the threshold between micro &amp; macro. Also, lineages in the fossil record are easily observable. Genetic markers are, likewise, observable evidence of macroevolution. So it is perfectly legit to say that we can indirectly observe macroevolution by way of this kind of evidence.