Well, if you don't want a reaction, I would prefer if you not use the word "god" since it is loaded with so many other meanings and conotations than those you say you mean.   The choice between our two stances is indeed one between choosing a moral stance based on reasoned analysis (imperfect as that may be) and choosing a moral stance based on blind faith (i.e. not supported by evidence) in a moral code dictated by a religious authority.   You say that my moral code is a code that puts faith only in myself. That is not true. I very openly acknowledge that if I never had input from the outside - moral codes which were presented to me with the reasons behind them - then my moral code as determined solely by myself would have been meager indeed. I have had a wide range of influences which have helped determined my moral code:   - The moral codes of my folks during my upbringing   - The moral code of the moderate form of Roman Catholicism I grew up with   - The moral codes generally accepted by the moderate Democratic part of society   - The moral stances of friends   - The moral philosophy of Kant and other philosophers I have read about   I am sure that I could even come up with more than that. From all of those, I have gleaned a morality that works best for me, where my moral code seems to be quite a common one. The moral rules which I accepted were typically the ones which gave the reasons behind them and whose base assumptions I agreed with. The moral rules which I rejected were typically the ones which gave no supporting reasons or whose base assumptions I disagreed with. I suspect that you assume that if a morality is not grounded in religious rules, then it becomes based on selfishness. That is not true. We are all inspired by heroes that sacrifice themselves for others - be they secular or religious (as Jesus himself can be viewed as a hero).   There is a lot of overlap in morality between secular morality and religious (mainly Christian) morality - against theft, murder, etc. However, I find too many of the religious rules very arbitrary (such as the anti-Gay propaganda, some religion's ban on contraceptives, the idea of the infalibility of the pope, etc.) that I certainly will not follow religious rules blindly. Furthermore, so much of religious morality was determined simply by religious men who were set in the local morality of their time and attached that morality to the religion. Even if Jesus was divine, it would be very hard today to know how to throw away all the junk morality that was added after his time and extract the pure origin.