Jurassic Theropods like Compsognathus had hollow bones.   http://www.cbv.ns.ca/marigold/histor...gnathuspic.jpg   Therepodian dinosaurs show clear general skeletal affinities with modern birds such as long limbs, hollow bones, foot with 3 toes in front and 1 reversed toe behind and a long ilium.   Coelophysis, from the late Triassic was one of the first theropod dinosaurs.   Deinonychus and Oviraptor from the late Triassic to the Cretaceous were bipedal advanced theropods, larger, with more bird-like skeletal features: semilunate carpal, bony sternum, long arms and reversed pubis. Striking detailed similarity to birds.   There is a gap in the fossil record here although Protoavis could belong here, unfourtunately, the fossil is poor.   Archaeopteryx from 225 Ma, shows a mosaic of reptilian and avian features, with the reptilian features predominating. The skull and skeleton are basically reptilian (skull, teeth, vertebrae, sternum, ribs, pelvis, tail, digits, claws, generally unfused bones). Bird traits are limited to an avian furcula (wishbone, for attachment of flight muscles; recall that at least some dinosaurs had this too), modified forelimbs, and -- the real kicker -- unmistakable lift-producing flight feathers. Archeopteryx could probably flap from tree to tree, but couldn't take off from the ground, since it lacked a keeled breastbone for large flight muscles, and had a weak shoulder compared to modern birds. (Wellnhofer, 1993)   S. santensis from 138 Ma was a better flyer than Archaeopteryx. It had a short trunk, claws on the toes, flight-specialized shoulders, stronger flight- feather bones, tightly folding wrist and short hands.   A not yet named bird/dino from 131 Ma has a reptilian pelvis and legs, with bird-like shoulders. The tail is medium-length with a fused tip.   Then there's Hesperornis, Ichthyornis, and other Cretaceous diving birds. There are many fossils. Their skeleton is further modified for flight showing fusion of pelvis bones, fusion of hand bones and a short, fused tail). It also still had true socketed teeth, a reptilian trait.   There are others and this is by no mean exhaustive. This is just to show that there are very good transition lineages.   Although no modern birds have teeth, chicken bills can be induced to develop teeth, indicating that chickens still retain the genes for making teeth.   There is also an intriguing fossil Microraptor gui that has flight feathers on both the front and back legs.   http://eur.news1.yimg.com/eur.yimg.c...2567138235.jpg   I can provide more info on any of these if you wish.   References   Wellnhofer, P. 1993. Das siebte Exemplar von Archaeopteryx aus den Solnhofener Schichten. Archaeopteryx vol.11, pp. 1-47. [Description of the newest specimen of Archaeopteryx, with some more features that unite birds with dinosaurs.