So are you saying that if one person prays for another person who is sick, that if the praying person believes enough then some power of belief within him is great enough to heal another person who has no such beliefs, but that isn't a miracle that can be attributed to God, but is just something the person praying accomplished because they believed enough ?   So when I laid hands on my 9 month old daughter and prayed for her healing in Jesus name, when she then within 5 seconds opened her eyes and went from completely listless with a 103 degree temp to wide awake, happy and affectionate as she smiled at me with bright little eyes, are you saying that something within me transfered to her to bring about that instant result ? If that is true, then you must admit that something supernatural still happened, it's just that the power to heal transfered from me instead of from God whom I asked to heal her in Jesus name.   Now mind you, I totally reject that, as I know it was God healing my daughter because I know rationally speaking, that I have no supernatural powers within me. And I truly understand how difficult it is for someone who has never personally experienced a miracle to not be skeptical about miracles or the supernatural, and maybe if I had experienced only one in my life then I too might question if it really happened.   But I have had numerous Angelic interventions that cannot be denied. And the personal spirit filled contacts with my heavenly Father on a daily basis is more than one such as I am can even fully appreciate or comprehend. Because you see, I am a sinner and completely unworthy to be in Gods presence at all, yet He has lived within me and fellowshipped with me each and every day of my life since I accepted Jesus as my Savior in August of 1975. And if you want to believe me, 2 of the Angelic interventions I experienced happened before I was even saved in August of 75. So as it is written, before the foundation of the World, God Knew me. And while I was yet in the womb, He knew me. And while I was in the womb, He knew the number of hairs on my head. So also, even before I accepted Jesus and was born again, my Father in Heaven knew me, loved me and protected me until the day of my salvation.   This is why I'm so adamant and stubborn in my belief and can not be moved by any unbelief. If I denied Jesus and Gods truth with all of the personal and first hand supernatural experiences I have had, I would be less worthy than the greatest evil doer and unbeliever in the world to receive Gods Grace and Love as I have. I have prophesied, spoken in the language of the Angels, been supernaturally saved from drowning, been saved from a violent attack which may have led to my murder as I had 5000 in cash on me at the time. But my Guardian Angel intervened and ran the muggers off and they never found the money. That was just one of the interventions and all I did when i saw the trouble coming was say within my mind, "Lord Jesus, help me". Nothing I did stopped the attack, nor could it have as these people had murder in their eyes. I had never seen such cold blooded hatred in any persons eyes before as was in this one guy. And yet within seconds I saw that rage in his eyes turn to abject terror as he looked past me, then he said to me, the next time I'll kill you and they ran away like total cowards. When I turned around to see who had scared them so much and looked exactly where they looked when they looked over my shoulder, you know what i saw ? Absolutely nothing. There was nobody there at all, no human anyway.