So where in there does Behe say that brute luck is actually impossible? Nowhere.   Where in there does Behe say that brute luck can be absolutely and definitively ruled out, 100%. Nowhere.   As I originally said, “We can find such an explanation wanting or unsatisfying, but being highly unlikely is not the same as proving it could not happen.” This is quite in line with Behe's statements in his book. Further, PROVING it IMPOSSIBLE is what you would have had to have done to PROVE that evolution is false. Behe says it can't be proven impossible: that it can't be completely refuted.   (And quite frankly, most of us would agree that claiming that an IC system - or multiple IC systems - arose by multiple simultaneous mutations is in no way comparable to claiming that “the word luckily popped into existence yesterday with all the features it now has.” Behe's not being fully honest here.)   What I quoted Behe saying is exactly what he said and is his position on the matter. I have NOT misrepresented Behe's position on this.   Now, a charge of wrongdoing is discarded unless the party making the accusation can fully support his charge: burden of proof falls upon the accuser, not the accused. You've failed to support your charge, so I prevail.   Now, if you want to continue pushing your charge of wrongdoing on my part, you need to show where, in Behe's “Darwin's Black Box”, he goes on to show that brute luck is actually impossible: where Behe shows that brute luck can be absolutely and definitively ruled out, 100%. Until you do, you have failed to rebut my counter to your statements, and, I am also cleared of your false charges.   PS: The only one playing around with context here is YOU! The context of my statements was that you claimed to have PROVEN EVOLUTION false, and I pointed out that:   (1) in order for you to have succeeded, one of several things you would have to do (but didn't) is to DISPROVE multiple, simultaneous mutations (brute luck)   and   (2) Behe himself says that multiple, simultaneous mutations CANNOT be absolutely ruled out.   Try to keep the context, okay.