Then a man who needs an artificial heart to survive is a new species of man. That is the analogy I gave, and you ignored.   In both cases; human and bacteria, before the advent of a human product, a particular group of individuals from each larger group would die off.   BUT along come a man-made invention that allows those certain portions to live on which otherwise would have died. In once case - nylon, the other, the artificial heart. You call this evolution.   Nor is it 'natural selection' at work either, as in both cases the thing that enabled them to survive was not natural. What you have advanced as a proof of evolution actually proves what? Natural what? I suppose people with cochlear implants are new species too because they've learnt to hear.   Another view of this nylon-eating-bug is given...   "Finally, Mr Cerutti is out of date about this new nylon digesting ability allegedly from a frame shift. New evidence shows that the ability was due to plasmids [e.g. K. Kato, et al., ?A plasmid encoding enzymes for nylon oligomer degradation: Nucleotide sequence analysis of pOAD2?, Microbiology (Reading) 141(10):2585?2590, 1995.] In fact, more than one species of bacteria have the ability, residing on plasmids. This suggests that the information probably already existed, and was just passed between different types of bacteria."   "All that would be needed to enable an enzyme to digest nylon is a mutation causing loss of specificity in a proteolytic (protein-degrading) enzyme. This may seem surprising? How would a loss of information create a new ability? Answer: enzymes are usually tuned very precisely to only one type of molecule (the substrate). Loss of information would reduce the effectiveness of its primary function, but would enable it to degrade other substrates, too. Since both nylon and proteins are broken down by breaking amide linkages, a change in a proteolytic enzyme could also allow it to work on nylon. If this process were continued, the result would be a general enzyme with a weakly catalytic effect on the hydrolysis of too many chemicals to be useful where much selectivity is required. To put it into perspective, acids and alkalis also catalyze many hydrolysis reactions, but they also lack specificity. Indeed, an inhibitor of a protein degrading enzyme also inhibits the action of the nylon degrading enzyme"   http://www.answersingenesis.org/home...e7-24-2000.asp   Talkorigins gave their usual doubletalk   "Whilst this particular case does not "prove" evolution, it is consistent with, and supportive of, the theory of biological evolution."   Why do they say this? Because it's still a bacteria. It's not like it suddenly became a large multi-cellular organism. But it might just prove that this bug was so well designed that it can cope with newer situations. One site does say that it, the bacteria, had the capability already within it of change ? not resultant in ?mutations?, but more like switching on previously dormant apparatus. http://members.tripod.com/aslodge/id89.htm   One poster on another forum summed the problem up like this...   " In order for species to advance there would have to be a net information gain, which isn't the case with nylon eating bacteria.   The bacteria gained the ability to digest nylon, therefore was able to survive in a new environment. Two distinct advantages   But, the bacteria lost its ability to survive in its old environment, eat its former diet and suffered a 98% loss in efficiency. Three disadvantages.   So by taking two steps forward and three steps backward, where is the net gain?   If nylon eating bacteria was "proof" of evolution, we would still be pond scum, but with the ability to digest whatever happened to become the primary food source."   http://www.christianforums.com/t52336