We Americans do not care the government of the UK now under the control of sharia law hates freedom.   America is a Constitutional Republic where the Bill of rights secure our freedom.   I seem to recall you brits coming over here and demanding we lay down our guns and it did not go so well. And neither will it go well for any us politician's that try it as well. America has no reason to listen to people in the uk about gun control and now Knife control when its shockingly clear that criminals can still get any gun they want. Not to mention the fact that history has shown that time and time again what happens when the government wants its citizens to turn in the tools of freedom what happens.   "God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard and defend it." - Daniel Webster   "Government is not reason. It is not eloquence. It is a force, like fire: a dangerous servant and a terrible master." - George Washington   "With reasonable men I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but with tyrants, I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost." - William Lloyd Garrison   # "If gun laws in fact worked, the sponsors of this type of legislation should have no difficulty drawing upon long lists of examples of crime rates reduced by such legislation. That they cannot do so after a century and a half of trying that they must sweep under the rug the southern attempts at gun control in the 1870-1910 period, the northeastern attempts in the 1920-1939 period, and the attempts at both Federal and State levels in 1965-1976 - establishes the repeated, complete, and inevitable failure of gun laws to control crime." -- Senator Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) quoted from "The Right to Keep and Bear Arms, Report of the Senate Subcommittee on the Constitution, Washington: U.S. Government Printing Office, February 1982, p. vii."   # "Congress has no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American ...the unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments, but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people." - Tench Coxe, 20 Feb 1788;