No. You're missing the point. Al wants you to think all we have to do is stop emitting CO2. He wants you to fear something that he knows how to fix...so you'll give him prizes for being a genius and solving the problem.   Al Gore is a shyster...just like Michael Moore. Documentary, my XXX!   Tell me, what has caused the global warming on Mars?...Jupiter? I understand the temperatures there have been rising more in the past few years than before. Think it could be resulting from their industrial age?   ...and he's pretty much a hypocrit about what we should do. Check the stats on his personal home. Check the emissions rating of his antique private jet. He claims to be doing his part by leading a carbon neutral life...which means he merely paid for permission to continue polluting the earth with his inefficient means of private transportation and his energy sucking home.   He claims that sea levels will rise 20 feet or so shortly, yet he bought a million dollar condo near sea level in California.   We should all decrease what we spew into the air (and what we send to landfills). This fact does not diminish the lies told by Al Gore...the ones that got him an Oscar and a Nobel Peace Prize, both of which become more meaningless each year.   Gore, a shyster   http://newsbusters.org/blogs/noel-sh...d-return-oscar   http://www.globalwarminghoax.com/news.php?extend.29   1.	The film claims that melting snows on Mount Kilimanjaro evidence global warming. The Government's expert was forced to concede that this is not correct.   2.	The film suggests that evidence from ice cores proves that rising CO2 causes temperature increases over 650,000 years. The Court found that the film was misleading: over that period the rises in CO2 lagged behind the temperature rises by 800-2000 years.   3.	The film uses emotive images of Hurricane Katrina and suggests that this has been caused by global warming. The Government's expert had to accept that it was “not possible” to attribute one-off events to global warming.   4.	The film shows the drying up of Lake Chad and claims that this was caused by global warming. The Government's expert had to accept that this was not the case.   5.	The film claims that a study showed that polar bears had drowned due to disappearing arctic ice. It turned out that Mr. Gore had misread the study: in fact four polar bears drowned and this was because of a particularly violent storm.   6.	The film threatens that global warming could stop the Gulf Stream throwing Europe into an ice age: the Claimant's evidence was that this was a scientific impossibility.   7.	The film blames global warming for species losses including coral reef bleaching. The Government could not find any evidence to support this claim.   8.	The film suggests that the Greenland ice covering could melt causing sea levels to rise dangerously. The evidence is that Greenland will not melt for millennia.   9.	The film suggests that the Antarctic ice covering is melting, the evidence was that it is in fact increasing.   10.	The film suggests that sea levels could rise by 7m causing the displacement of millions of people. In fact the evidence is that sea levels are expected to rise by about 40cm over the next hundred years and that there is no such threat of massive migration.   11.	The film claims that rising sea levels has caused the evacuation of certain Pacific islands to New Zealand. The Government are unable to substantiate this and the Court observed that this appears to be a false claim.   Stay tuned as the UK High Court's final ruling may impose additional restrictions on teaching An Inconvenient Truth in classes. They may also point out additional inaccuracies as we all know they only scratched the surface above.   http://www.globalwarminghoax.com/news.php?extend.24   http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles...polarbears.htm   http://www.capmag.com/article.asp?ID=3400   http://www.heartland.org/Article.cfm?artId=11548   http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1350746/posts