Whether or not the 2nd Amendment was written to provide for the protection of the States from a foreign invasion, or border dispute, or Civil War, it is clear that the objective of the 2nd Amendment is to address the basic provisions and control required to form a militia reporting to the President.   One of the provisions to form a militia is explicitly stated in the   2nd Amendment as the unrestricted Right of the individual to own guns.   At that time in our history, when a militia was formed, it was expected that individuals would bring their own gun(s) to the militia. That provision is THE IMPLICIT PURPOSE of the Right of the individual to own guns.   Within the 2nd Amendment, there are NO OTHER IMPLICIT, NOR EXPLICIT purposes pertaining to the unrestricted Right of the individual to own gun(s).   In other words, the 2nd Amendment does NOT IMPLICITLY, NOR EXPLICITLY suggest or expand its purpose beyond what it required for a militia, and the control of a militia.   The 2nd Amendment does NOT provide an individual the Right to own gun(s) for the PURPOSE OF providing for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..   Therefore, ANY OTHER PURPOSE OR REASON for the possession of guns that has been attributed to rights under the 2nd Amendment is based entirely upon thoughts and purposes that were NOT IN THE MINDS OF the Founding Fathers when the 2nd Amendment was written.   The Founding Fathers knew many people required guns to provide for food, income, and home-defense. Yet, the Founding Fathers did not separate the purpose of the unrestricted Right of individuals to own guns for a militia, from the SOLE PURPOSE of owning guns for the creation of a militia.   The Founding Fathers did not write the 2nd Amendment in a manner that   would even suggest that the Right of an individual to own guns had purposes beyond a militia, that would provide for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..   We may therefore conclude that, any reason or purpose for an individual owning a gun, OTHER THAN for a militia, is not provided for under the 2nd Amendment, and that current gun laws for private ownership of guns is mistaken.   Justifications or reasons to provide individuals with a Right to own guns for a purpose or reason other than a militia, would have to be based on some Amendment, other than the 2nd Amendment, to determine if any such Right exists for individual gun ownership exists.   That the Founding Fathers did not write all Amendments with the explicit and specific Rights of individuals for every condition and circumstance is self-explanatory, as the size of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution would be enormous, and the Founding Fathers would still be busy writing the Bill of Rights and a Constitution if that was the case.   However, the Founding Fathers were very careful in their use of words and phrases, and in the logical composition of a Constitution, and that they decided not to specify other purposes exist that justify individual gun ownership, beyond a militia, in the 2nd Amendment. That decision would appear to be intentional.   Although it might ideal to understand all that the Founding Fathers had in mind, when the Constitution was written, it must also be understood   and concluded that what was the basis for a rational giving the Founding Fathers reasons to create an Amendment, and chose specific terms, phrases, and specifics, may not exist today, nor even be of any importance.   For example, individuals need not carry guns from their home to where our troops will gather. Today?s ?militia? provides for the a militia?s need, and an individual?s need for guns. What the Founding Fathers once wrote with respect to an individual possessing a gun for the purpose of a militia and the remainder of the 2nd Amendment requires revision or elimination.