This brings up an interesting point, and that is that science is extremely limited. Using your logic, persons should not have believed in the fact that the earth is a round object floating in space before it was proven scientifically, even though it was a fact then, as it is now. This fact was written about in scripture long before science "proved" it, just as the description of the hydrological system was described in scripture long before scientists figured it out. THIS is where the evidence can be found for the validity of the Bible. When you find scripture after scripture of historical fact and scientific reference that is found to be accurate, you should tend to take is seriously. The problem with science is its arrogance. It's inability to see that truth can be found in other areas is a real handicap. Add to that theories like evolution that disguise themselves as science, and you have a real problem.   One does not stand on a train track with a train barreling down on them to "prove" they will die. This "fact" is usually taken to be reliable, even though that person hasn't "proven" it to be true through experimentation. If you need scientific proof for everything you believe, you have a real problem. If this were the case, no legal decision on guilt or innocence could be rendered in a court room, since the decision is usually rendered based on the preponderance of the evidence related to a crime that was commited in the past. We have the same problem with the origin of life and evolution of species - macro changes that supposedly occured in the past. As such, every availble form of investigation should be followed up on. This includes metaphysical possibilities. They can be investigated just as evolution is, buy the study of history, manuscripts, archeological methods and statistical and prophetic evidences. Both scientists and creationists are talking about investigation to find truth, and to self limit your investigative techniques is not only reckless, but might be a form of self delusion. Requiring truth to conform to your standards, as scientists of the past did, can either cause great delay in finding truth, or cause you to miss it entirely.