Let me try explaining this another way.   According to the logic presented in the original article:   Gun Owners : discrimination by gun control laws :: Serial Rapists : discrimination by anti-rape laws   You see, it's the RELATIONSHIP that I'm comparing. That's what an analogy is. I'm NOT comparing the gun owners to the serial rapists, but rather the RELATIONSHIP between discrimination and gun owners as presented in the original article and the RELATIONSHIP between discimination and serial rapists.   What do you mean "my ultimate agenda"? I want regulation of the gun trade as there is regulation of the trade of every product with specific control laws that apply to each product. Does this mean a complete ban? No. Let's compare this to a drivers license. Yes I realize that's not a product, but it is regulated similar to the way guns should be regulated. It varies from state to state, but there is typically a driver's ed class, driving with an instructor, and a driving test. A person must pass all of these things before recieving a license. A person must also meet other qualifications such as vision requirements. Then, in my state, when a person recieves his or her license, it is only a provisional license, meaning that he or she cannot drive between midnight and 5 a.m. This lasts for eighteen months unless there are any moving violations, in which case the period starts over. These are all reasonable restrictions. These ideas can be applied to gun control. There could be gun training and gun tests. Background information such as prior criminal activities should be checked. Guns should not be made available at unregulated events such as gun shows. These sort of regulations are also similar to those on prescription drugs. A person must have a prescription from a real doctor, and he or she can only purchase or pick up the medicine from certified locations.   This is clearly not a fringe view since a large number of people support gun control. You may disagree with this view, but it clearly is not a fringe view. Nor is it a sign of mental instability.   The constitutionality of gun control is clearly debatable. It's not exactly simple. You can't ignore "well regulate." Even GunCite, a pro gun website, says, " 'To put in good order' is the correct interpretation of well regulated, signifying a well disciplined, trained, and functioning militia." Disciplining, training. That sounds like controlling. And if it was such a simple constitutional issue, why hasn't the Supreme Court made a difinitive ruling on it? If anything, it has ruled in favor of gun control, saying in the Miller case that "The Second Amendment must be interpreted and applied with a view to its purpose of rendering effective the Militia." Regardless, the constitutionality of a law does not make it wrong or right. Slavery was once allowed under the Constitution, but that did not make it wrong or right.   I never labeled your view as anarchistic. I said that UNLESS you are an anarchist, you are not in support of COMPLETE, 100%, ABSOLUTE freedom. What objective means are you using to determine that gun ownerships is a basic civil right?   First you assume that since I have liberal views on this subject, I agree with the actions of all other liberals, and second you assume that all other liberals commit the same actions. I have not once mentioned "saturday night special." My laws are meant to target all gun crime and gun accidents. Should we not have laws against gun crime (not laws against guns) because most gun violence is minority on minority. Sould we not have murder laws because a disproportionate number of murders are commited by minorities?