Your stated stereotype of the person in the story is racist. It's a racist stereotype and you know it.   You're so entrenched in your own world and nothing outside of it, you wouldn't know the "truth" if came into your face like a lemon meringue pie.   Indeed the court's reasoning may have been as racist as your own.   Indeed, the article describes how the court's reasoning was even a surprise to the police officers' attorney because it was so out of line with what is expected of conduct during arrests.   She was not violent and she had an obvious health condition.   Whatever you think about what she was intending to do or not -- though she communicated quite clearly -- is rather irrelevant given the offense and those surrounding circumstances.   I bet this is your opinion ANY time the story concerns a black defendent and a white police officer. Because you're a racist.   But it is o.k. for them to repeatedly break the law like yourself speeding again and again, as long as they sign the ticket.   What hogwash.   Actually, there is, my poor addle-minded friend. Indeed, you can argue that she was even exercising her responsibility as a citizen with more civic-mindedness than many because she non-violently and patiently refused to sign the ticket.   She has a right not to sign.   As H.D. Thoreau said to Emerson in jail, when Emerson said to him, "Henry why are you here?" -- Henry answered, "Ralph, why are you not?"   LOL. Well that's so nice of the copy who let you know. And that's very interesting -- "every time" -- Archangel. How many times have you been stopped? And for going how fast? I'm sure it was a lot more than 35 mph!   And you have the nerve to talk about "responsibility" or how this woman was a jerk?   Or to call me names?   Dearest, I never speed because I take my responsibilities as a citizen so seriously, and i have never received a speeding ticket.   Were you driving under the influence as well?   How many lives did you put at risk, Archangel?   What pomposity! What hypocrisy!