BECAUSE I SAID SO!   LOL,... I'm so silly.   I just had to post it.   Seriously, I decided that I will actually construct my summary online, Iangb.   If you (or anyone else) cares to, you will be able to watch as I edit and construct my argument. It may be lengthy so keep it in mind that if I have to divide it up, and you post in the interim, I will have to delete this first half and move it to the end.   By the way,... other than working some things out in my head,... I don't have anything prepared to post. This will be a work in progress.   ... this will take quite a while. (Maybe days)   I see you are watching, and don't want you thinking this will be developing quickly.   I will let you know when I've concluded.   --Chuz   *** Note to Ian. In my attempt to compile my 'summary' I have realized that I never actually completed my arguments. It's kind of hard to summarize that which hasn't already been presented. So, my sumarization if you will- will now consists of two parts. First my arguments and then my summary.   WORK IN PROGRESS; The Argument   BIOLOGICALLY SPEAKING, A HUMAN INDIVIDUAL'S LIFE BEGINS AT CONCEPTION   Definitions;   A Begin Being Biologically Child Conception Egg Embryo Fetus Gamete Human Individual Life MetamorphosisOrganism Sperm Zygote-DICTIONARY.COM   A Begin Being Biologically Child Conception Egg Embryo Fetus Gamete Human Individual Life Metamorphosis Organism Sperm Zygote-- FREE DICTIONARY.COM   Child Due Process Clause Person --FINDLAW.COM   Links   Logic   A distinct Human organism   American College of Pediatricians   The Human Organism   When does a human individual's life begin   The Physiology of Aging   Human Growth and Aging   Wikipedia; LIFE   When Does Life Begin?   QUOTES;   SPERM; "During fertilization, the nucleus of a sperm fuses with the nucleus of the much larger egg cell (the female reproductive cell) to form a new organism".-The American Heritage® Science Dictionary   Barack Hussein Obama; "We need fathers to recognize their responsibility doesn&#8217;t just end at conception."   William Jefferson Clinton- "If two cells join in the process that begins to make a human being, are they living? Answer? No one disputes that. " and "When does the soul enter the body so that to terminate the living organism amounts to killing a person? That is the question."