To Clive14:   Darwin never produced a "Theory of Human Evolution".   R--i--g--h--t. And I'm a Shakespearean act--o--r. Darwin's book titled "On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life" sure seems to me to suggest that he had an idea on the evolution of man. Darwinian evolution was (and still is) inherently a racist philosophy, teaching that different groups or "races" of people evolved at different times and rates, so some groups are more like their ape-like ancestors than others. Darwin believed, for instance, that the Australian Aboriginals were considered the missing links between an ape-like ancestor and the rest of mankind". Many indigenous peoples died because of Darwinian evolution, so don't give me such rubbish that Darwin never did a theory of human evolution.   Darwin's evolutionary scheme went something like this:   Evolutionary ancestor --> Australoid --> Negroid --> Mongoloid --> Caucasoid.   Perhaps you best go home and check up on your own theory before you post such a remark. And people think that creationists are mis-informed!   This is true of the unscientific use of the word "theory". In science, "theory" is equivalent to "fact". There is a theory of gravity for example. Is gravity just guesswork therefore?   Once again, falsehood. If a theory is equivalent to fact, than why do they have two different things. In science, using you above example, gravity is a fact (I don't think that there is a theory of gravity, at least it is not in the HSC Physics course when we were studying it!). By definition, a theory is an explanation of observed facts and laws. It is supported by experiments upon which it is based, and is confirmed by experiments designed to test predictions based on the explanation. Now where in that definition is the word fact either used or implied? Now where, a theory is like a story to explain observed facts and phenomenon. A theory does not mean the idea is "fact". It is just a story used to explain how some observed phenomenon may have either came into existence, or why and how it behaves the way it does. You mis-interpretation of scientific terms is noted.   I disagree. Faith is believing something to be true regardless of the evidence. People have faith in the Bible. People do not (or should not) have faith in evolution.   I agree with your definition of faith. Bible believing creationists must take it by faith that there is a God, and that the Bible is the Inspired Word of God. Evolutionists (for the most part, i.e. most are atheistic), however, must take it by blind faith that there is no God and that the Bible is not the Inspired Word of God.   Your last sentence struck me as to how brainwashed some (or many people) are in the lie of evolution (microorganism into people evolution). For one, evolutionists must take it by blind faith that stuff has evolved, i.e. there is very few fossils that support this notion. The fossil record dismisses and is a crushing critque of Darwinian evolution. For example, Dr Ronald R. West (paleoecology and geology) stated in his article "Paleoecology and uniformitarianism" which was published in Compass, vol.45, May 1968, p. 216:   "Contrary to what most scientists write, the fossil record does not support the Darwinian theory of evolution [microorganism to man] because it is this theory (there are several) which we use to interpret the fossil record. By doing so we are guilty of circular reasoning if we then say the fossil record supports this theory."   In addition to this, Dr David B. Kitts (School of Geology and Geophysics, Department of History of Science) in his article "Paleontology and evolutionary theory" in Evolution, vol. 28, September 1974, p. 467 says the following:   "Despite the bright promise that paleonotlogy provides a means of "seeing" evolution, it has presented some nasty difficulties for evolutionists the most notorious of which is the presence of "gaps" in the fossil record. Evolution requires intermediate forms between species and paleontology does not provide them. The gaps must therefore be a contingent feature of the record."   What they are saying is that the fossil record does not show evolution, but we will continue to believe it even though we have no proof of the theory of evolution (i.e. microorganism to man evolution).   Evolution has been proven. Creation has been disproven. This whole argument is over stubbornness on the part of people with faith who cannot bring themselves to accept that evolution has been proven and creation has been disproven.   Four words that always gets an evolutionist into trouble, "Evolution has been proven". If you refer to what you call "micro-evolution" (to which creationists call "Varriation within a "kind"") than I would agree with you. Species change all of the time, but it is important to know that the species never get more complex, they are constantly losing gentic information (i.e. DNA) and becoming less complex. With natural selection, things lose an ability that will enable a species to survive in an environment (usually by the way of mutations). So since varriation within a kind (or micro-evolution - always a loss of DNA) has been proved, this is also further evidence to the creationary model. The macro-evolution has not been proven. Nor does the fossil record bear out many evidences for this, as many leading evolutionary scientists have (or are comming) to realise.   Creation has not been disproven, as you falsely claim. Otherwise, the evolutionists here on this forum would be able to hammer the creationist arguments, and thus far they have not. This fact alone is evidence against you. They only gain an advantage when we start having silly debates on things that I do not know much on, nor have studied up on, such as geological features for an example. We have the same rocks, so of course the evolutionists are going to claim that in many cases I am wrong - as they have a different interpretation to me. Or they have a different story to explain who a land structure got there to me. Both stories are based on the evidence, so it is hard to get through to one another. Sadly, time restricts me from continuing.