Hey thanks for the "edited/out of context sermon." Peter was rebuked for interfering with the plans of God. Oh . . . Christ never said to throw the sword away. . . "put it away" means put it away in the sheath.   Mark 8: 31 And He began to teach them that it is necessary for the Son of man to suffer many things and to be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and to be killed, and after three days to rise again. 32 And He spoke the word openly. And taking Him aside, Peter began to rebuke Him. 33 But turning around and seeing His disciples, He rebuked Peter, saying, Go behind Me, Satan, because you do not mind the things of God, but the things of men. 34 And calling near the crowd with His disciples, He said to them, Whoever desires to come after Me, let him deny himself and take his cross, and let him follow Me. 35 For whoever desires to save his life, he shall lose it. But whoever shall lose his life for My sake and the gospel, that one shall save it. 36 For what shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, yet damage his soul? 37 Or what shall a man give as an exchange for his soul? 38 For whoever may be ashamed of Me and My words in this adulterous and sinful generation, the Son of man will also be ashamed of him when He comes in the glory of His Father, along with the holy angels.   Matt 26: 47 And as He was yet speaking, behold, Judas came, one of the Twelve. And with him was a numerous crowd with swords and clubs, from the chief priests and elders of the people. 48 And the one betraying Him gave them a sign, saying, Whomever I may kiss, it is He; seize Him. 49 And coming up at once to Jesus, he said, Hail, Rabbi. And he ardently kissed Him. 50 But Jesus said to him, Friend, why are you here? Then coming up, they laid hands on Jesus and seized Him. 51 And, behold, one of those with Jesus, stretching out the hand, drew his sword and struck the slave of the high priest and took off his ear. 52 Then Jesus said to him, Put your sword back into its place. For all who take the sword shall perish by a sword. 53 Or do you think that I am not able now to call on My Father, and He will place beside Me more than twelve legions of angels? 54 How then should the Scriptures be fulfilled, that it must happen this way?