Really?   If "nature" meant for all things to reproduce through heterosexual methods then maybe all other forms of reproduction would not exist, hmm. They would have been "eliminated" because heterosexuality is far superior. Think again. The majority of organisms on this planet reproduce using binary fission (bacteria dividing), asexual reproduction (there goes your "individual gratification argument), and zygotic reproduction. None of these things require sexes of any type.   Even animals that have "normal" sexual reproduction can reproduce using a process known as parthenogenesis, in which only a female is required to produce offspring (turkeys and lizards do this). If homosexuality isn't natural or is inferior, then why do we see examples of it in nature. The bonobo (closely related to the chimpanzee) exhibits heterosexual and homosexual activity in both genders in the wild, and the bonobo and humans share a very common ancestor.   Look, you can't say that one way of reproduction is "the standard" since it is clear that different species reproduce in a variety of ways. You also can't say that homosexuality is a disorder if you follow your previous logic that what is "natural" is valid. Also, you said that heterosexuality is superior because it has a "greater purpose". By implying that something has a purpose, you stray from the realm of Science by assuming a teleology. If you want to assume that things were given "purpose" by some higher being, that's fine, but you'll have to stick to religion to defend your argument. In science, it is impossible to assume a purpose. For example, what is the purpose of a river? To flow to the ocean? To carve a canyon? To carry sediment? You can say what something is good at doing, or what it does, but you cannot say what it was "made" for (purpose) without implying some grand design that can be easily provided by your local religion. As for hetero and homosexuality, it can be said that heterosexuals are better at producing offspring than homosexuals. Does that automatically make heterosexuality superior based on the arbitrary criterion of number of offspring produced? So in the eyes of a value system that believes that something is valued higher that creates more offspring or "life", heterosexuality would be superior. But in the eyes of science and reason, your argument doesn't hold water.