There are a few slight problems with that theory. First of all the evidence fits perfectly with that book you speak of. If predicts that all creatures came about suddenly and completely formed. This is all we have ever observed. The earliest creatures -according to your theories dating- had incredibly formed eyes etc. and no ancestors among the fossils   It also predicts that animals will produce the same kind of animals , this is all that has ever in the history of the world been observed.   +It predicts the heavens will show a perfect order and can be used for signs and for seasons and for days and for years. That is all that has ever been observed in the history of the world.   It predicts that recorded human history will be less that 10k years. That is what we observe.   It predicts that man has always been intelligent and ancient language and buildings confirm this.   It predicts that billions of fossils will be found in rock laid down by water all over the world, this we have observed.   It predicts there will be pathways in the sea, this is so.   It predicts that the heating of the air will create wind and this is so.   It predicts that the sea is the source of rain and it is so.   It predicted 800 years in advance that the Messiah the King would ride in to erusalem on a donkey to the exact day . That He would be crucified and his side pierced with a spear and cry out My God , My God why has thou forsaken me ?and it was so. It was predicted the ones who crucified him would cast lots for his garments and they did. That three days later He would rise from the dead and He did.   That DNA mutates does not prove anything other that it mutates. It is almost always harrmul or fatal and has never been observed to change one kind of an animal into another.   That the species that adapt to their environment survive and those that don't die is a self evident truth not evidence. About as intellectually stimulating as saying most things who fail to survive die.   Fossils exist. Now that is a brilliant statement. Why not say , water exist , or sand is?   All dating methods are based on circular logic. If the date agrees with the theory it is correct , if not it must be contaminated. It is based on an assumtion of the quantity of some radioactive substance in a material at some time in the past and how much has decayed when compared to the rate of decay gives us a date. Fortunately we already knew the earth was very old or evolution could not have occured. We know how old fossils are because of the rocks they are in and how old the rocks are by the fossils in the rocks. If the 2 are in the wrong place then we know there was an overthrust which is basically a miracle from God which is allowed because evolution needs it.   Life forms in the millions so therefore it must has started out as a random bunch of chemicals that created itself on a planet that created itself and evolved into the millions we see now. Another brilliant deduction. You are on a roll.   Believe our eyes. Oh you must mean all those times you are walking down the beach and trip all over the lobe finned fish coming on shore for the first time. Or the thousands of times we have seen a lizard with half a wing or a beaver giving birth to an armadillo. Yes , seeing is believing.   You present a brilliant argument. How could anyone argue with your brand of logic? That would be senseless.