Ah, I see.   Your reasons are secret reasons. On a debate forum, about gay rights, you oppose it based on....well you won't say! Nice debate.   Who's really playing the game here?   I have already listed on a number of posts why it's not constitutional.   Since you missed it (It's only the first post in the thread)   For gay coupes right to be married (Or the same legal status)   1. Human rights with regards to legal classifcation and the benefits therein are desired by comitted consenting adults of the same gender.   2. It's a contract between two consenting adults.   3. A contract that does not violate anyone's legal rights or cause any significant ill effects to the public welfare.   It's unconstitutional to allow one group of people access to marriage rights (hetero couples only), and not allow it to female/female and male/male couples when they are obviously lobbying for it in significant numbers. It's now a public issue on a significant scale.   Of course, maybe if you had a REASON for objecting to gays being treated equally with regards to the rights of marriage, we would understand not only why you are reluctant to back your claim, but why your reason is also not constitutional.   You can call it games, I call it justifying my position while pointing out how opponents of gay rights, such as yourself, really can't make any reasonable justification for their desire to restrict human rights, other than saying "well I want to"...or in your case... "shhh...it's a secret".   You know what WE call it on the debate forum when one side refuses to present or rebut arguments? Losing the debate. I realize winning and losing..i.e. being right and being wrong are not concepts found in religion, where anything goes...but out here in the real world actions have consequences, and words...yes, imagine that, have specific meanings. You verbally support a movement that restricts human rights, yet won't give us reasons for your position. I find that appalling. Yet you are content with labeling me as "playing games". How ironic.   -Mach