Well, at some point they are sentient beings(surely you agree), that's the point that the fetus becomes a person in my opinion. Before that it's not really too bad. I don't have a problem with people "having sex in an improper way" or choosing to "screw each other how they would like to screw each other". I do have a problem with people creating a feeling being and then killing it, as is the case when fetuses become sentient and are aborted. You also say that it is my opinion, which it is, but it is also your opinion. You have said that women who have abortion because they arn't responsible are making bad decisions.   First off, it's not punishment, it's taking responsibility for your actions. I have addressed the men, this is what I'm talking about, it was in my last post. Are you really reading the my posts? I said "They(men) should have to raise the child also as they are equally to blame". If I could take some of the birthing pain from women and give it to mwn, I would. The bottom line is that women know that if pregnancy occurs their will be pain, yet some do not protect themselves against it. Why would it then be my responsibility to take that pain into account? They accepted the risk when the didn't try to protect against it.   Yeah, like the one that I addressed the men in, right?   I have never said that we should punish 12 year old orphans. Show me where I said that. I said that the parents should help raise the child if they have the means. Would that put a slight damper on the 12 year olds social life? Probably, but she will be an adult soon enough and she should take some responsibility for her actions. The father should have to do the same. Why do you admit that the actions of the 25 year old are tragic but you don't want her to take responsibility?   How does being poor limit your responsibility to protect yourself? I know a poor woman who has 10 kids just hoping that one day she would find a man that would be willing to help raise the rest. Also, what do you mean by "less fortunate? It never happened but she kept having kid after kid and hoping it would. Should she be excused for her behavior because she is poor? No, she kept going to BARS looking for good men. Bad choices = bad outcome. Do you think that this is proof that abortion is necessary? Nope, abortion IS NOT the answer in cases like this, only responsibility can solve the problem. The bad thing is that only one of the men do anything for the children and he doesn't do enough. She has never filed for child support and the kids are almost never disciplined.   I don't want to do anything as far as laws are concerned. I would recommend that she and the father raise the child, but sadly that may not happen. I will just continue to have pity for all of the irresponsible "lovers" out there.