Because his, as a Christian, doesn't follow the Christian Bible to anywhere near the extent that mine does.   "Quote mine" - looks like that will be a common acusation here. If I keep things concise and readable, I'm quote mining. That quote wasn't about atheists using evolutionary findings to support their concepts, it was about atheists being comfortable with theistic evolution, far more than "believers" (creationists)   And that didn't have a thing to do with my point.   Again, it was irrelevent to my point. Atheists believe the only source of truth is secular - it goes without saying.   No, Lewontin didn't say to give people the power to discover the truth, he's saying to give elites like him the authority to point them to "correct" sources of truth. Read note #47 for chapter 6. Miller didn't misinterpret him at all. In note #47, Lewontin even mentioned the NY Times!   Because there are no ACLU lawsuits when Dawkin's book is required reading in public schools. We have to more and more, as atheism is established.   It's a deal, if you'll put a hold on lecturing me about reading comprension as you ignore very relevant notes in the rear of the book.   The one where he bragged about defeating Henry Morris, a Christian? (pp 172, 173)   Sure they were, Christians are always opposing Christianity! All they have to do is claim to be a Christian, and there's no way they could be a false teacher!   And that's all irrelevent, because pages 240-243 concern what happens in the world today, not what happened concerning creation. His feelings about God's interactions with the world today would be different if he had a basic knowledge of the Bible.   Even though the Bible says God did. His understanding of the Bible is very undeveloped and limited.   So you're implying that when he made his snide little comment about "preachers", he wasn't referring to priests? I've seen it all now.   As I said, I hope to learn if all theistic evolution does not believe in original sin. I'd like to know if all Catholics believe the creation story is nothing but a fairy tale.