Really? I have argued that God is an epic liar? Can you point out me arguing that at all you EPIC LIAR? Once again you are interpreting what I have said through that sick and unbalanced mind of yours, and then extrapolating that I am now arguing in favor of calling my God an EPIC LIAR. Is it absolutely impossible for you to debate issues while actually responding to what we really say rather than reading into what we say and redefining it to fit your warped and perverse perspective?   I mean, how sick and disturbed must your powers of reason and logic be for you to interpret my argument that Man, because of our linear view of time, is misreading the fact that God placed the stars in space at the same time much more recently than it appears to us to have occurred, that God is then an epic liar? Is God responsible for how we interpret the evidence when we attempt to do it apart from placing Him first and foremost into the equation? Is He the liar? Or are you who think like that deceiving yourselves by ignoring His place in the creation of time and space?   It is just completely beyond you to think from an honest and objective perspective, isn't it obvious child!   But for a more practical answer, imagine this. In the beginning, space was a void which spanned all of eternity. Only one object/energy source encompassed all of it from one end of its massive emptiness to the other, and that person was my God Yahweh. And in one second or minutes time, he spoke all of the stars that have ever existed, at different intensities and strengths, which causes them to burn out at different times. But he placed them at the very inner and outer limits of time and space at that time. Liken it to a farmer with a hand full of seeds. He pulls back his arm and throws those seeds to the end of the plot of land he is sowing at that time. To the ants on the ground, if they measured the time it would take to reach the farthest seed, it would represent a great distance, but to the farmer it was just one arms throw in time to disperse hundreds of seeds at one time.   Now here we are as finite creatures who can only see time from our linear perspective. Time is plastic. Our linear measure is man made for our convenience only. That you place what we call the measure of so called light years is arbitrary at best. But I am getting too deep for you and this discussion. The point is that our God has the ability to place the stars in every corner of not only what we again, arbitrarily call our universe, but throughout all of time and space.   But to we puny finite humans who have invented telescopes, it appears that these stars we are seeing today are ancient based on the perceived yet arbitrarily arrived at distance you believe they are from us. But since you are unable to even grasp the hugeness of our God, you also fail to appreciate that light years are a measure of distance rather than time. So by that definition alone, it is foolish to equate it with Earth time rather than Gods ability to reach any distant place in time and space and place stars there.