You believe that your interpretation of the Christian Bible is more correct than his, and he believes that his interpretation of the Christian Bible is more correct than yours. This is quite simple, but that's never really helped you see the problem before...   Yeesh. Even when I spell it out, he still can't keep it straight.   No, marc, you're looking at the wrong quote. Try reading what I write.   Yes, you can expect accusations of quote mining to be common when you commonly quote mine. Say, do you think these two things could possibly be related?   "Concise and readable" takes a backseat to accurate. As I said, Miller overemphasizes views outside the mainstream of atheism and tries to paint all of atheism with the same brush. In fact, he picks a single atheist to spend three paragraphs on, then moves past his exaggerated claim. And with good reason.   marc's impeccable reading comprehension strikes again. marc thinks I was responding to a different point, despite the clear explanation of his "citation about atheists using evolutionary findings to support their concepts."   I figure it's his latest attempt at a dodge. Ignorance and incomprehensible babbling has gotten old to him, apparently.   Considering atheists don't believe in the supernatural, there's nothing else left. Now tell me how your truism actually means anything.   Lewontin did not say to forbid access to the Bible or other texts. You simply assume that he said that because you want to build as much of a strawman as you possibly can. See, if you had just quoted Lewontin instead of trying to censor his words, maybe you would have understood. ... Then again, probably not. I keep forgetting that your Persecution switch is fused in the "on" position.   Yes, Lewontin mentions the New York Times... the home furnishing supplement of the New York Times, in metaphoric comparison to the stage set of The Honeymooners. But you don't have a problem with your blatant misrepresentation, do you? No, no, anything to brainwash the kiddies and advance your delusion of massive conspiracy...   If Miller truly does understand Lewontin's point, he does a pisspoor job of explaining it. Lewontin says to eliminate the irrational and employ the intellectual. Frankly, I see nothing wrong with this; why do you?   The best case you'll ever be able to make regarding Lewontin's claims in this book is that he believes that a certain path to truth is the most effective. You claim that your path to truth is the most effective. Once again, we have no reason to believe either one of you over the other based on these statements alone.   Which Dawkins books that promote atheism (and by atheism, I mean atheism, not evolution) are required reading in public schools? Cite specific instances and include evidence that the ACLU rejected the cases.   This coming from the person who omitted so much that I had to elaborate on and quote from the book multiple times? No thanks, I'd rather make fun of your whining and your incomprehensible comprehension.   Oh, you didn't read the part where he distanced himself from atheism? The one where he explained that evolution is compatible with theism? I guess you missed it... It was only, you know, the vast majority of the book.   Oh, good, I get to do this again! They're not Christians, just like Judge Jones isn't a Lutheran. (Your foot should still be in your mouth over that one, but you never learn.) They're all phonies, aren't they, marc? Lucky for marc, he can accurately assess people's belief systems without knowing the slightest thing about their beliefs. But I have this "power," too:marc is an atheist. Sure, he says all this fundie Christian stuff, but he's really an atheist. I know it in my heart because my own belief system, infallible and based upon the teachings of God himself, tells me so. I know, because I know Christians, and marc's not a Christian. He's just a big phony.   And there you go... atheist. Clearly, I've correctly labeled you, and you are nothing but a false teacher.Pathetic, marc. Absolutely, positively pathetic.   In other words, marc has absolutely no resolution to this conundrum except to leave us with this oh-so-powerful exchange:   marc [about Miller]: "He'd think differently if he interpreted the Bible the same way I do."   Miller [about marc]: "He'd think differently if he interpreted the Bible the same way I do."   *ahem*....   marc [about Miller]: "He'd think differently if he interpreted the Bible the same way I do."   Miller [about marc]: "He'd think differently if he interpreted the Bible the same way I do."   Yes, I'd speculate that he doesn't have such trouble "stomaching" priests. After all, he shares their beliefs, and not those of preachers of other (e.g. Protestant) sects, many of whom refuse to recognize Catholicism as truly Christian...   Keep on diggin', marc. I love helping you reach new lows.